I am not grateful enough for everything in my life when you look at my
wife and I would guess your life as well you would have to say god
has treated us better than we did Sir most of us live in a wonderful
country well we live with enough food to eat we live with enough safety
we live with enough shelter from the elements we have good healthcare
we most of us now are living into our eighties and it was just
amazing considering but the average lifespan has been over the years
so one of things I am the most grateful for is everything I have
gotten with undeserving any others and I just hope behind me using it
in a way of which I will be proud when the end comes and I can say
I did not waste what was given to me I use it for the betterment of
everybody and everything